Add procedure for copying a content view (#3192)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_copying-a-content-view.adoc

[id="Copying_a_Content_View_{context}"]
= Copying a content view

> Use this procedure to copy a content view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Not needed.

> You can copy a content view in the {ProjectWebUI} or you can use the Hammer CLI to copy an existing content view into a new content view.

Reviewer: Can you add an anchor to the CLI procedure below starting with `cli-` and link to it? That's the standard way we use elsewhere.

[NOTE]
====

> A copied content view does not have the same history as a regular content view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A copied content view does not have the same history as the original content view.
```

> Version 1 of the content view is where a copied content view begins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 1 of the copied content view begins at the last version of the original content view.
```
Is this it?

Author: Yes, thank you because I couldn't figure out the best way to rewrite this. This is how it was written in the solution article.

As a result, you cannot promote an older version of a content view from the copied content view.
====

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content* > *Lifecycle* > *Content Views*.
. Select the content view you want to copy.
. Click the vertical ellipsis icon and click *Copy*.

> . In the *Name* field, enter a name for the content view you want to copy and click *Copy content view*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Name* field, enter a name for the new content view and click *Copy content view*.
```

> The copied content view will appear on the *Content views* page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Verification
* The copied content view appears on the *Content views* page.
```
And verification goes below the _CLI procedure_.

Author: Yeah maybe it should. Both the Web UI and CLI procedures lead to that outcome.

.CLI procedure

> * Copy the content view using the Hammer CLI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Copy the content view by using Hammer:
```

+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----

> # hammer content-view copy --name <CURRENT_CV_NAME> \
> --new-name <NEW_CV_NAME>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# hammer content-view copy --name _My_original_CV_name_ \
--new-name _My_new_CV_name_
```

[id="Copying_a_Content_View_{context}"]
= Copying a content view

You can copy a content view in the {ProjectWebUI} or you can use the Hammer CLI to copy an existing content view into a new content view.
To use the CLI instead of the {ProjectWebUI}, see the xref:cli-copying-a-content-view_{context}[].

[NOTE]
====
A copied content view does not have the same history as the original content view.
Version 1 of the copied content view begins at the last version of the original content view.
As a result, you cannot promote an older version of a content view from the copied content view.
====

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content* > *Lifecycle* > *Content Views*.
. Select the content view you want to copy.
. Click the vertical ellipsis icon and click *Copy*.
. In the *Name* field, enter a name for the new content view and click *Copy content view*.

[id="cli-copying-a-content-view_{context}"]
.CLI procedure
* Copy the content view by using Hammer:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# hammer content-view copy --name _My_original_CV_name_ \
--new-name _My_new_CV_name_
----
.Verification

> * The copied content view appears on the *Content views* page.

Reviewer: The thing is that in CLI, there might be a list command to verify that the copied CV appears in its output. This way, the user wouldn't have to leave the CLI for the verification.
What do you think about having two Verifications - one below the Procedure for WebUI and second below the CLI Procedure for Hammer.

Author: The same verification?

Reviewer: No.

Author: I'm checking with a SME to verify.

= Copying a content view

You can copy a content view in the {ProjectWebUI} or you can use the Hammer CLI to copy an existing content view into a new content view.
To use the CLI instead of the {ProjectWebUI}, see the xref:cli-copying-a-content-view_{context}[].

[NOTE]
====
A copied content view does not have the same history as the original content view.
Version 1 of the copied content view begins at the last version of the original content view.
As a result, you cannot promote an older version of a content view from the copied content view.
====

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content* > *Lifecycle* > *Content Views*.
. Select the content view you want to copy.
. Click the vertical ellipsis icon and click *Copy*.
. In the *Name* field, enter a name for the new content view and click *Copy content view*.

.Verification
* The copied content view appears on the *Content views* page.

[id="cli-copying-a-content-view_{context}"]
.CLI procedure
* Copy the content view by using Hammer:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# hammer content-view copy --name _My_original_CV_name_ \
--new-name _My_new_CV_name_
----

.Verification

> * The copied content view using Hammer is verified:
> ----
> # hammer content-view copy --id=5 --new-name="mixed_copy"
> Content view copied.
> ----

Reviewer: How about this instead?

```suggestion
* * The Hammer command reports successful completion: `Content view copied.`
```

> * The copied content view using Hammer is verified:
> ----
> # hammer content-view copy --id=5 --new-name="mixed_copy"
> Content view copied.
> ----

Reviewer: How about this instead?

```suggestion
* The Hammer command reports successful completion: `Content view copied.`
```

# hammer content-view copy --name _My_original_CV_name_ \
--new-name _My_new_CV_name_
----

.Verification

> * The copied content view using Hammer is verified:

Reviewer: How about this instead?

```suggestion
* The Hammer command reports successful completion: `Content view copied.`
```
